tells crowd beauty are welcome there to
one more video and this time here do not detran
online ball there make the race cuts and
98% is that bié max created by the nursery
the 69 guys not known breeder had taken
that 's a good thing, huh?
A look here at the route is
basically this is right
but it is parco galera not even the stop
Come on, go wait for Carlos.
henrique is targeting people already starts
Personal beauty, that 's it
let's go
ok guys lets choose here one
bmx
let's see a very exotic color people
bronze
I want to see someone in brass hand I want
see, this is it , people, let's get it done
to play and see that the players all
Calm down
there are many players there beauty in
wonder is nuts
Hey guys, look who's going to be.
difficult in opa magritte light of day
there only in marzipan blog here though mano
pushing people crazy I do not know
who is but the unlucky faces of falling
or and finally boy to wait manual man
the list in bassano was crazy people
Oops slowly the week I want to know about
no one knocks down team that
approach to safe secure peace that neither
You need to jump the nadim UENP it was right
and it's good that it comes back
our old people have a lot of law of the
bladder is near the button after year
She's going to jump green is crazy until a
time answering in one place
this game is nothing the cattle people are who give
a jump alone so climb up the
His mother , yes, a good boy neither for the
Leap button good people will not hold
down there, I'm worth it
almost in the wrong place, right?
bora bora bora still has a lot
ahead and I am not mistaken I
I put two laps here so you can
people reach the guys there are the
three basically together right there
come on, we have to go through the
train line is passing and this is a
crazy in traffic there's a car on the street
to be careful with the carts there good
do not win glitz japan will win
speed racing and ours seems to be the
Flipboard our people looking but
simply that it is very easy to
slow down here is because I know I do not
It needs to be bizarre and it shows up and
also faces Bolton, my little friend there I
I had an obligation to have a ba vi he was
malicious i've been mean to you brake a
Goal, there we go, there we go.
our second lap is being epic
people now have no time at what
I 'm not going to fall, I think it does not fit well .
That's our perfect trip guys.
it lacked to reach an andré oliveira but
It's very difficult, it's too far, but
Let's keep it here for the guys not
reach us né
the second position is a second is
worthy old parkour zico epic to
run well with cap could work
but still because the time is well there
It's not difficult at all.
very easy very obvious right
suppose you committed suicide
It will send here is the place to give
liquidity to bread people let's go
Hail DJ says the guy has come to us
Are you going to send some ours?
end up in the jump is that it is very good
she was little, she was fine, we did not go
well in this race
ours was nine players is that madness
I thought I had less to see that this
Bizarre vision , out there, boy.
comes a travecão people there and it
Dude, you know I'm looking at
His camera is if you want, Sam will send it.
hit the plane and do not ride
old beauty soon it starts to
tell the teaching is fell egyptian ayman
the guy is upset, gentle, until he changes from
camera here because I do not want to see
Lower Imagine Seeing Another Ophel Camera
gonzalez finished
Let's see Gabriel Felipe I know where
I clicked ge guys all ended only
We were hesitant to stay in Africa.
Good people, that's it, I hope
You have enjoyed this race if
You liked it, I leave it here a favorite.
to support the series there and we see
next beauty
So that's it a big hug is who
is the first will see not to be
unfair in second came very good
four minutes two turns
ball show in the three cases the killer
the crop jp - of course guy in sanna
That's it, people, that's okay.